Update README.md (#5)
harrison-broadbent/better_mailer_previews: README.md

- **Shows _all_ your previews _live_ on the homepage**
- **Easily resize individual mailers, for testing responsive layouts**

> - **Send emails to yourself (using your default ActionMailer delivery method).**

Author: ```suggestion
- **Email your previews to an email address (uses the default ActionMailer delivery method for your app).**
```
